Adds a Windows Hello guide (#365)
dfinity/internet-identity: docs/modules/ic-identity-guide/pages/hello-guide.adoc

# Windows Hello Guide for Internet Identity

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest we add a brief introduction that explains what this guide is for, e.g. as follows: 

> Internet Identity supports Windows Hello as authentication method. This guide explains how to set up Windows Hello authentication for an existing Identity Anchor that was set up either on your phone or using a security key. The setup is explained below in Options A and B, respectively.

> ## Checking your machine is Windows Hello compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checking if your Windows machine supports Windows Hello
```

Open your Windows Settings, and select "Accounts"

image::hello-guide/settings-accounts.png[]

> Then select "Sign-in Options"

Reviewer: Lower case as in the screenshot: 
```suggestion
Then select "Sign-in options"
```

image::hello-guide/settings-sign-in.png[]

and check your device supports Windows Hello for signing in

image::hello-guide/settings-hello.png[]

If your device supports Windows Hello we can continue. Follow Option A if you've set-up an Identity Anchor using your phone or Option B if you've used a security key.

> ## Option A: Your phone is added to your Identity Anchor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Option A: Adding Windows Hello to an Identity Anchor that uses your phone as authentication method
```

On your Windows computer go to <https://identity.ic0.app> and click on "Already have an Anchor but using a new device?"

image::hello-guide/add-device-start.png[]

Enter your Identity Anchor

image::hello-guide/add-device-anchor.png[]

> Complete the Windows Hello dialog

Reviewer: Maybe the following is clearer? 
```suggestion
Complete the Windows Hello dialog by authenticating using Windows Hello
```

image::hello-guide/add-device-hello.png[]

Once the link is shown click on "Display as QR Code"

image::hello-guide/add-device-show-link.png[]

> Scan the QR code with your Phone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scan the QR code with your phone
```

image::hello-guide/add-device-show-qr.png[]

> Continue on your phone and follow the steps to add your new Windows Hello device. Once you've completed the steps on your phone you should now be able to authenticate on your Windows machine using Windows Hello

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue on your phone and follow the steps to add your new Windows Hello device. Once you've completed the steps on your phone you should be able to authenticate on your Windows machine using Windows Hello
```

image::hello-guide/login-hello.png[]

> ## Option B: Your security key is added to your Identity Anchor

Reviewer: Maybe the following is clearer? 
```suggestion
## Option B: Adding Windows Hello to an Identity Anchor that uses your security key as authentication method
```

On your Windows computer go to <https://identity.ic0.app> and authenticate using your security key to reach the Anchor Management page. Once you're there click on "+ ADD NEW DEVICE".

image::hello-guide/anchor-management.png[]

Complete the Windows Hello dialog

> image::hello-guide/management-add-device-dialog.png[]

Reviewer: nit: I noticed that in the other screenshots the names/personal data were hidden using a black bar. Here they are hidden in grey. Just noticing since it is not consistent, but I'm also fine to leave this as is. Don't think that's a major issue.

Author: Yeah I switched to using the black bars to make it easier to tell that something's been redacted later on, but didn't want to spend even more time on editing these screen shots... :D

and choose a name for your Windows machine

image::hello-guide/management-add-device-name.png[]

> If you refresh the page, you should now be able to authenticate with Windows Hello

Reviewer: Refreshing is a bit strange, I think with 'logging out' it's more intuitive what is going on: 

```suggestion
After logging out, you should now be able to authenticate using Windows Hello
```

Author: I was a bit worried people that haven't _actually_ written down their Identity Anchor might manage to lock themselves out if they do that...
